Nocturne automatically looked down at the spot on his body the Martial King was pointing to, and he stopped hesitating and counterattacked. Their arms collided, and their feet shifted to find a way to close the gap between them. Even during the brief moments when their eyes met, they didn’t stop using the Eight Extreme Fists against each other, as though they were exchanging chess moves.

You copy me well. The Martial King said without moving his mouth. You’re the only one of my disciples who has reached this level.

Nocturne felt silent. He wanted to tell the Martial king to stop speaking so much nonsense, but he couldn’t get those words to come out.

It’s been like that from the beginning. From the moment you first opened your eyes and became aware. You instinctively imitated my breathing and my habits. At first, I was dumbfounded that someone could do that. The Martial King smiled as he recalled that time. Nocturne’s actions were like those of a baby duck newly hatched from its shell and seeing the world for the first time, imprinting on the first being it saw. The duckling would follow its mother and learn survival skills to live in the world. It would learn how to flap its wings, paddle in the water, and snatch prey with its beak. Then, it would become an independent adult. One day, it would find a mate, build a nest, and lay eggs, just like its mother.

For the Martial King, Nocturne was just like a duckling. Since he didn’t have any memories, Nocturne instinctively wanted to learn everything from the Martial King, perhaps as a defensive strategy. At first, the Martial King was bothered by Nocturne’s actions, but over time, the Martial King started looking at Nocturne and his actions differently. As time passed, Nocturne truly started resembling the Martial King, first in simple habits, then martial arts, until the establishment of Nocturne’s understanding and style of martial arts.

The pace of Nocturne’s development was so surprisingly fast that even the Head Elder, who had encountered many talented students throughout his life, could not help marveling. Even if some of that could be chalked up to the basic power of being Allforone’s simulation, it was still mind-boggling how fast Nocturne absorbed what he learned. Martial King couldn’t help developing a fondness for his disciple, the child who accepted him as a master and imitated everything about him. No teacher would dislike a student who devoted himself to becoming like his teacher. The only difference between them was their personalities.

Unlike the Martial King, who was very arrogant and self-assured, Nocturne was calm like Allforone. Still, he was a carbon copy of the Martial King in every other way, as the battle between them proved.

Bang! Bang! As the Martial King and Nocturne’s strikes constantly clashed, an increasingly hot whirlwind started raging. Sss. The Martial King’s right arm shattered like a sandcastle. Particles of light poured into the spot where his arm had been.